Money stress is incredibly common,
especially at the moment.
It can feel really scary
and all encompassing.
This three step approach just might help.
First, look at any payments
you need to make
What's in your control and what's not?
Second, break down
the things that you're in control of.
Make a plan
Set realistic targets of what you can pay and when.
Finally, look at the things that you feel
are out of your control.
If your bills have gone up, mine have
You might be entitled to some support
If you need help
Reach out to the relevant organisations
Someone you can trust
Or online communities.
You could take a look
at the government's
Help for Households website
To find out what you
might be entitled to.
I really hope having a plan helps.